Data on the COVID-19 pandemia in the Europan Union and the Economic
Area. They include a bunch of statistics over deaths, active cases,
vaccination dose,

Source :  European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control
https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/covid-19/data

The data have been collected from three datasets:
* Data on COVID-19 vaccination in the EU/EEA 
  Date: 8 Feb 2022 

The downloadable data file contains information on COVID-19
vaccination in th EU/EEA.

The data are presented in the Vaccine Tracker and collected through
The European Surveillance System (TESSy). EU/EEA Member States are
requested to report basic indicators (number of vaccine doses
distributed by manufacturers, number of first, second and unspecified
doses administered) and data by target groups at national level twice
a week (every Tuesday and Friday).

Data are subject to retrospective corrections; corrected datasets are
released as soon as the processing of updated national data has been
completed. You may use the data in line with ECDC’s copyright policy.

* Data on testing for COVID-19 by week and country 
  Date: 3 Feb 2022

The downloadable data file contains information about testing volume
for COVID-19 by week and country. Each row contains the corresponding
data for a country and a week. The file is updated weekly. You may use
the data in line with ECDC’s copyright policy.

Source: The figures displayed for weekly testing rate and weekly test
positivity are based on multiple data sources. The main source is data
submitted by Member States to the European Surveillance System
(TESSy), however, when not available, ECDC compiles data from public
online sources. EU/EEA Member States report in TESSy all tests
performed (i.e. both PCR and antigen tests).

The data displayed from public online sources have been automatically
or manually retrieved (‘web-scraped’) on a daily basis. It should be
noted that there are limitations to this type of data including that
definitions vary and the data collection process requires constant
adaptation to avoid to interrupted time series (i.e. due to
modification of website pages, types of data).

* Data on 14-day notification rate of new COVID-19 cases and deaths
 3 Feb 2022 

The downloadable data file contains information on the 14-day
notification rate of newly reported COVID-19 cases per 100 000
population and the 14-day notification rate of reported deaths per
million population by week and country. Each row contains the
corresponding data for a certain day and per country. The file is
updated weekly. You may use the data in line with ECDC’s copyright
policy.



-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meaning of variables:

country         Country name
country code    ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code
population      Number of inhabitants

vaccine_2021-winter         Overall number of injection doses in the
vaccine_2021-spring         country per season
vaccine_2021-summer         (whether it is the 1st, 2nd or booster dose;
vaccine_2021-fall         this number accumulates also all types of vaccines:
vaccine_2021-summer          Pfizer, Moderna, AstraZeneca and Jonhson)
        

testing_rate_2020           Testing rates per week overaged over a year
testing_rate_2021


deaths_rate_2020-spring     14-day notification rate of reported deaths per
deaths_rate_2020-summer
deaths_rate_2020-fall     million population, averaged in a season
deaths_rate_2021-winter
deaths_rate_2021-spring
deaths_rate_2021-fall
deaths_rate_2022-winter


NB: Data provided at the season level were computed according to the
weeks associated with the climatic season (e.g. March, 1st for the
start of Spring)
